Python bst (#3)
gSchool/ada-CS-Fundamentals-Internship: internshipexpectations/overview.md

# Internship Expectations

<iframe src="https://adaacademy.hosted.panopto.com/Panopto/Pages/Embed.aspx?id=19b692d8-ddf3-4c4f-9f69-ace200043d14&autoplay=false&offerviewer=true&showtitle=true&showbrand=false&start=0&interactivity=all" height="405" width="720" style="border: 1px solid #464646;" allowfullscreen allow="autoplay"></iframe>

## Takeaways

Takeaways: 
- The first few weeks are about learning the ropes, you might not be writing code right away and that’s ok!
- Proactively keep the lines of communication open with your manager and mentor, discuss your learning goals and set specific objectives to work toward. 
- Internship will make you a better developer, interviewing is a different skill set and takes practice and time! 
- You can start assessing and interviewing for jobs before you know if you will be converted at your internship. 
- Internship timeline 

>   * March: Focus on getting to know your team and tools (don't worry about whiteboarding)
>   * April: Focus on mastering basic data structures, taking on new things at internship (don't worry about Midpoint Review)
>   * May: Focus on hitting your stride at internship, mastering more advanced data structures (don't worry about applying to jobs)
>   * June: Focus on applying and interviewing (it's okay to ask your manager to take time off to interview)
>   * July: Focus on getting an offer you're happy with (it's okay if you don't get one from your internship company)

Reviewer: We might not want these to list specific months since that means we have to update it every cohort:

```suggestion
  * Month 1: Focus on getting to know your team and tools (don't worry about whiteboarding)
  * Month 2: Focus on mastering basic data structures, taking on new things at internship (don't worry about Midpoint Review)
  * Month 3: Focus on hitting your stride at internship, mastering more advanced data structures (don't worry about applying to jobs)
  * Month 4: Focus on applying and interviewing (it's okay to ask your manager to take time off to interview)
  * Month 5: Focus on getting an offer you're happy with (it's okay if you don't get one from your internship company)
```

It's not a big deal, it's just something we will need to make a note of every time.
